Following discoveries of gold in the 1850s, the modern state of Colorado then a part
of the Kansas territory, was poised for a population explosion as social tension in 
the states prepared the nation for the Civil War. Early explorers to the area, tracked
rumors from migrating Indians back to the Rockies in search of the new Eldorado.

            .                  *                     * 
                  *        .          *        .   .       .
          .         .            .          .     *       
       *      _           *   .-.-------.                 .
           __(_\    .        //^\\       \  *      .       . 
         ~( _ )     ___      \\_//_______/     .--------.-.
       ^^ //  >> ^^/ _ )~ ^^/[_=/]______]^^^^^/        //^\\^^^
                /_/< \\    /_(=/ (o)  (o)     \________\\=//
                                 ~    ~       [________[\__]\
          ^^^               ^^                (o)    (o)`\=)_\

'When they left Cherry Creek [the Russell expedition of 1858] they were under the 
impression that the news of the gold discoveries had not reached the States, and their 
first intimation to the contrary was received on meeting, on the northern route by 
which they came, large parties of emigrants on the way to the mines. - The different 
trains numbered collectively about 500 men, with 157 wagons. [...] The best diggings 
are located a short distance above the mouth of Cherry Creek, where six men can make 
from $40 to $50 a day.'
    - St. Louis Republican

The nation was still fresh off the gold discoveries of California in the 1840s, and in 
the American spirit, men were eager to head west and find their fortunes. Reports of 
their findings spread quickly and soon newspapers across the states boasted headlines 
of the new opportunities out west.

      ____________   'I am happy to state that this is gold here, but in what 
     /=====/=_===/    quantities, I am unable to say.'
    /_====/=/_/=/                                           - H.C. Rogers
   //_/ =/== ==/
  /=====/== ==/   'I can tell you positively that since we have been here the miners
 `-----'-----'     have averaged from $2.50 to $5 per day ; and heard from a true 
source that one man got $16 in one day - this being nothing but wash gold...'
                                                            - Seyfrau Lott

'Although the reports of the discovery of gold in Western Kansas have been cried down 
as a stale trick to induce emigration to that locality, it cannot be denied that the 
precious metal can be, and has been, obtained there at most remunerative rates in 
proportion to the labor necessary to the discovery.'
   - Kansas Herald of Freedom
                                                                               ______
    'The best advice we can give our friends is, prepare for an early start   [______]
    in the spring' - Junction City Sentinel                                    |\::/|
                                                                               | )( |
    Men all over the Midwest and east coast prepared during the winter of      |/..\|
    1858 for their trip over the hilly fields in their route to the Rockies.  [______]
                                                                          
Lines of stages, express &c., are being fitted out to take persons to the mines, 
costing, for the trip, from $50 to $100. When the adventurer arrives at his destination 
he will be out provisions, or anything but his carpet sack, a pick, shovel and pan, and
will be compelled to go to work for any man he meets, at just such prices as they are 
willing to pay, or board with individuals at the most enormous prices. He becomes a 
slave, virtually, to those who have gone before him ; gets dispirited, and the first 
opportunity which arrives, will return to the States.

[It is] advise[d] all persons, going to the mines, to form a company of four persons at 
least. One should buy a good lumber wagon, and each of the others a yoke of oxen, and 
the whole should be well supplied with mining implements. Let these expend $50, or $75, 
each, which they would pay for a ride to the mines, in provisions. When they reach 
their destination, instead of being the sport of circumstances, they are in an 
independent condition, with a wagon in which they can camp, an ample stock of 
provisions, tools to work with, and teams to aid them, which will frequently be of more 
value than a dozen assistants; or, if they choose, they can readily sell the same and 
realize more for them than they cost on the border. On some accounts, oxen would be 
preferable to adventurers on the route, but in the mountains, mules or horses would be 
invaluable for packing purposes. - Chas. Nichols

  .--.      .--.      .--.      .--.      .--.      .--.      .--.      .--.      .--.
:::::.\::::::::.\::::::::.\::::::::.\::::::::.\::::::::.\::::::::.\::::::::.\::::::::.\
'      `--'      `--'      `--'      `--'      `--'      `--'      `--'      `--'      

Lucky for your group, you have beat the rush and are already camped out on the banks
of the South Platte River, waiting for winter to thaw and the digging to begin.