---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       L E A V E N W O R T H    T I M E S                Late From the Mines!
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
We have some late and interesting advices from the mines through private sources. The 
weather in the gold district had, been, up to the last of January, exceedingly mild and 
pleasant, with only a few cold snaps hardly worth noticing. During the pleasant days 
thousands of men scour the country in search of rich indications or leads. - Every 
ravine, gulley and creek is being thoroughly explored and gold is discovered everywhere 
- more or less. In fact it seems to be a component part of the soil throughout the 
immense district. The general opinion is that great "strikes" will be made   ()
as parties get nearer the head of the different streams which roll from the  ))    ((
mountains. - Great preparations are being made in the way of turning        //      \\
currents, building races, &c., for washing the "precious dirt." The        | \\____// |
The miners get along very comfortably in their snug log houses, and     \~/ ~    ~\/~~/
are provided with all the luxuries of a camp life. There is no such     (|    _/o  ~~
thing as sickness known, and game is to be had for the hunting. The     /  /     ,|
gold is regarded as a "fixed fact," and all anticipate great results    ``~~    | |
from their labors in the Spring and Summer.                              |      | |
    Leavenworth, Ks.

///////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////
----WANTED --------------------------------------------------WHITE CLOUD KANSAS CHIEF--
\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\

A gentleman is preparing to discover gold on the Nemaha River, somewhere near the 
Falls. He desires to make an arrangement with any returned Californians who may have a 
small quantity of dust about them. He wants to employ them to proceed to the principal 
towns along the river, there to exhibit the dust, and report that they dug it at the 
Nemaha mines. He will pay liberally for this service, as he expects to make a fortune 
out of it. The gentleman has an exclusive ferry privilege, and has a large stock of 
second hand goods for sale !

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
THE JASPER WEEKLY COURIER           B L U E    L A W S    O F    C O N N E C T I C U T
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The following are some of the "blue laws" that existed two hundred years ago. Some of
these would answer well enough for the present century:                    ,         ,
   Whoever publishes a lie to the prejudice of his neighbor, shall sit     |\\\\ ////|
sit in the stocks, or be whipped fifteen stripes.                          | \\\V/// |
   No one to cross a river, but with an authorized ferryman.               |  |~~~|  |
   No one shall travel, cook victuale, make beds, sweep houses, cut hair   |  |===|  |
or shave, on the Sabbath day.                                              |  | L |  |
   Whoever wears clothes trimmed with gold, silver, or bone lace, above    |  | A |  |
two shillings by the yard, shall be presented by the grand jurors, and      \ | W | /
the select men shall tax the offender at $300 estate.                        \|===|/
   No one shall read common prayer, keep Christmas, or Saints day, make 
minced pies, dance, play cards, or play on any instrument of music, except the drum, 
trumpet and jews harp. 
   When parents refuse their children convenient marriages, the magistrates shall 
determine the point.
   Married persons must live together, or be imprisoned.
   No man shall court a maid by person or by letter, without first obtaining the consent
of her parents; £5 for the first offense; £10 for the second; and for the third, 
imprisonment during the pleasure of the court. 
   A man that strikes his wife shall be fined £10. A woman that strikes her husband 
shall be fined at the court's discretion.
   If any man shall kiss his wife or wife kiss her husband on the Lord's day, the party 
in fault shall be punished at the discretion of the Court of Magistrates.
   - Jasper, In.

ARKANSAS TRUE DEMOCRAT  ~~~ ~~~~ Peace and Portliness ~~~~ ~~~ ~~ ~  ~   ~   ~    ~   ~
"Frank Leslie" gives a picture of Lopez, the president of Paraguay, which, had it 
appeared before the departure of our squadron for that country, might have produced a 
serious effect upon the schemes and designs of the administration. He is represented as
a man of enormous obesity - with a paunch that would have shamed Fallstaff, and cheeks 
that surpass those of the great Kentucky Concracker in fullness and fatness. Such a man 
cannot be so terrible a fellow, and we suspect Mr. Buchanan has been imposed upon by 
some lean, emaciated, dyspeptic, Cassius - envious of the rotund proportions of the 
Paraguayan chief.

~     ~    ~   ~  ~ ~ ~~ ~~~ ~~~~ ~~~~~ ~~~~~~ ~~~~~~~ ~~~~~~ ~~~~~ ~~~~ ~~~ ~~   ~   ~

    H O W   A R E   W E   T O   G E T   C U B A

~~~~~ ~~~~~~ ~~~~~ ~~~~ ~~~ ~~ ~  ~   ~    ~     ~      ~      ~     ~    ~   ~  ~ ~ ~~ 
Senator Thompson, of Kentucky, in his half jest, half earnest, and very able speech on 
the Cuban question, gave us an insight into the scheme of trickery, by which the 
Administration hopes to secure the acquisition of that greedily coveted island.
   The President, with $30,000,000 of ready money at his absolute disposal, is to watch 
for one of those frequent little revolutions in Spain, which turn Espartero out and put 
O'Donnell in, or turn O'Donnell out and put some other adventurer in as prime minister 
of the Queen. The very first time that one of these upturnings occurs, when the faction 
in power shall need money to sustain itself, the President is to step in with his 
tempting bait of $30,000,000 and purchase the island.
   Of course the Spanish people will be furious at the shameless price of Jockeyism by 
which they are cheated out of the last vestige of their old glory; but of what avail 
will be their indignant denunciations? Cuba will be ours. The stars and stripes will 
float from the Captain General's Palace of Havana; the black muzzles of American cannon 
will grin from the embrasures of Moro Castle, and Mr. Buchanan will enjoy the glory of 
having "acquired" Cuba.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ ~~~~~~~~~~~ ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
                         How to Keep Babies Quiet               GREEN-MOUNTAIN FREEMAN
   An old bachelor having been seduced against his will into the            _)_
commitment of matrimony, and being troubled after a certain length of    .-'(/ '-.
time with young babies contrived the following plan to keep them quiet  /    `    \
   "As soon as the sweet little creature awakes and begins to squall,  /  -     -  \
set it up in bed, propped up by a pillow, if it can't sit alone, and  (`  a     a  `)
smear its fingers with thick molasses; then get a half a dozen         \     ^     /
feathers into its hands, and it will at once commence picking the       '. '---' .'
feathers from one hand to the other until it drops asleep. As soon      .-`'---'`-.
as it wakes again, more molasses and feathers should be applied        /           \
immediately, and in place of the nerve-astounding yells of the        /  / '   ' \  \
little dear, there will be a sweet and calm silence, producing      _/  /|       |\  \_
most profound enjoyment and rapturous felicity. A tea-cup with      `/|\`|+++++++|`/|\`
molasses can be kept at the hea dof the bed, in a stand drawer,         /\       /\
ready for use. Syrup is said to be preferable to common molasses.      |  `-._.-`  |
                                                                        \   / \   /
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~  |_ |  | _|
       GREEN-MOUNTAIN FREEMAN                                           | _|  |_ |
                                                                        (ooO  Ooo)
A Bachelor writing us from the interior of California, says that although young women 
from this side of the continent often arrive, unmarried, on the California coast, they 
never get in that condition to the interior. He says that, like misfortunes, they never 
come single."                                              - Montpelier, Vt.

      ....           ....           ....           ....           ....           ....
     ||             ||             ||             ||             ||             ||      
 /"""l|\        /"""l|\        /"""l|\        /"""l|\        /"""l|\        /"""l|\     
/_______\      /_______\      /_______\      /_______\      /_______\      /_______\    
|  .-.  |------|  .-.  |------|  .-.  |------|  .-.  |------|  .-.  |------|  .-.  |---
|__|L|__| .--. |__|L|__| .--. |__|L|__| .--. |__|L|__| .--. |__|L|__| .--. |__|L|__| .-
_\  \\p__`o-o'__\  \\p__`o-o'__\  \\p__`o-o'__\  \\p__`o-o'__\  \\p__`o-o'__\  \\p__`o-
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
