A B O U T   T H E   C O L O R A D O   T R A I L 

   This historical trivia adventure game is based off real articles from 
publications across the nation in 1859. The game begins on January 1st, 1859, set in
Auraria City, the winter camp of our group. In order to get a glimpse into the world 
of early Colorado, the odds are stacked in the players favor, and they can improve
their odds by paying attention to the newspaper articles and answering the trivia
questions asked throughout the game. For every correct answer, the player's "luck
number" goes up, and for every incorrect answer their luck goes down. The better
their luck, the more likely they are to find gold. 

   Each turn will feature one player from the group, on any given date in history, 
at the location that was predetermined, or that the player ended at by choice, 
depending on the events of the game. Players will work together to buy resources
in order to maintain their health and grow their assets. While the odds of death
exist, the object of the game is to better understand Colorado's founding and the
social climate of the nation and the world at the time. 
                             _              __
        __.-n-.             |_|.-'\        //\\  .-""""""""-.             ,-"^"-,
        \|'---'|-,         (_I     |       \\// (o0OoO0oOoOoo)      c=====|"""""|
         |     | ))         | |'-./         ||  |`""""""""""`|            |     |
         |     |-'          | |             ||  \            /            `"""""`
         '.___.'            | |             ||   '.________.'
                            | |             ||
                            |_/           
   In the beginning of 1859, the United States was 32 states strong, on the verge of
admitting Oregon to the Union, and gripped with social tension fueled by slavery,
surrounded by a rapidly changing world that found its international borders opening
and a flow of commerce and religion from the Western world to the Eastern.
Monarchies were falling, wars were being threatened, and the possibility of death
was very real and waiting around every corner. Pioneers flocked west in search of 
their claim to earth, resources, and opportunity. Division was rife, and the 
population of Colorado exploded from mere hundreds to tens of thousands in a year.

   Since coming out alone meant probable failure or a life of near indentured 
slavery, the best odds occur when the game is played by four players who work 
together to buy resources. Of course, the human element of selfishness may impede 
the ultimate goals. It is up to you to decide the best way to invest your time and 
resources, whether it is with your team or for yourself. May the heartiest and 
wisest reap the benefits of their hard work.
